docs: add weekly report 0420 (#1045)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/blog/2022/04/20/weekly-report-0420.md

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

Apache APISIX has grown as a community from the first day of open source and has quickly become the most active open source API gateway project in the world. These achievements cannot be achieved without the joint efforts of our community partners.

"If you want to go fast, go alone.If you want to go far, go together." The Apache APISIX Community Weekly Report hopes to help community members better understand the weekly progress of the Apache APISIX community and and facilitate everyone to participate in the Apache APISIX community.

We have also compiled some issues suitable for newcomers to the community to participate in! If you are interested, don't miss it!

## Contributor Statistics

![Contributors List](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1650443415345-e067c6d9-1f39-4152-a7cc-4379fd4f17f3.jpg)

![New Contributors](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1650443438975-33d7f4fb-01ca-4877-848e-35b1f6869d2a.png)

## Good first issue

### Issue #6803

**Link**: https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues/6803

**Issue description**:

> When I use `openid-connect` plugins with the wrong `redirect_uri` in Apache APISIX.Like flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When use `openid-connect` plugins with the wrong `redirect_uri` in Apache APISIX, as shown below:
```

```Bash
   "plugins":{
        "openid-connect":{
             ...
            "scope":"openid profile",
            "bearer_only":false,
            "introspection_endpoint_auth_method":"client_secret_post",
            "redirect_uri":"http://127.0.0.1:9080/"
             ...
        }
    },
```

> Then, I request the "127.0.0.1:9080/", I will get 500, and the error log is as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then request the "127.0.0.1:9080/", will get 500, and the error log is as follow:
```

![500 Error](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1650443701999-958f2096-d44d-4cd0-99b5-6e8833c361c6.png)

```YAML

> 

Reviewer 2: del it

2022/04/07 17:13:50 [error] 31780#3492140: *1959 [lua] openidc.lua:1378: authenticate(): request to the redirect_uri path but there's no session state found, client: 127.0.0.1, server: _, request: "GET / HTTP/1.1", host: "127.0.0.1:9080"
2022/04/07 17:13:50 [error] 31780#3492140: *1959 [lua] openid-connect.lua:304: phase_func(): OIDC authentication failed: request to the redirect_uri path but there's no session state found, client: 127.0.0.1, server: _, request: "GET / HTTP/1.1", host: "127.0.0.1:9080"
```

> This type of log is very unclear and the user does not know what to expect. Error logging should be improved to improve the experience of using the `Openid-connect` plug-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of log is very unclear and the user does not know what to expect. Error logging should be improved to improve the experience of using the `openid-connect` plug-in.
```

### Issue #6797

**Link**: https://github.com/apache/apisix/issues/6797

**Issue description**:

When using the `file-logger` plugin, it is possible to send the logging to stdout by defining `/dev/stdout`. This in order to use the docker output and relais this in kubernetes to a ELK stack. Though an error is thrown indicating a permission denied for the current user.failed to open file: `/dev/stdout`, error info: `/dev/stdout`: Permission denied while logging request

## Highlights of Recent Features

- [Add the function of hiding header for `key-auth` plugin](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6670)(Contributor: [bin-ya](https://github.com/bin-ya))

> - [Support Zookeeper service discovery](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6751)(Contributor: [shuaijinchao](https://github.com/shuaijinchao))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Support ZooKeeper as service discovery](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6751)(Contributor: [shuaijinchao](https://github.com/shuaijinchao))
```

- [Feat(`request-id`): add algorithm support nanoid](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6779)（Contributor: [aikin-vip](https://github.com/aikin-vip))

> - [Feat(`response-rewrite)`: support filters](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6750)(Contributor: [kwanhur](https://github.com/kwanhur))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Feat(`response-rewrite`): support filters](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6750)(Contributor: [kwanhur](https://github.com/kwanhur))
```
